Document Pkg and NetworkOptions environment variables (#43215)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/environment-variables.md

!!! compat "Julia 1.6"
    This is only supported in Julia 1.6 and above.

### `JULIA_PKG_OFFLINE`

If set to `true`, this will enable offline mode: see [`Pkg.offline`](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/v1/api/#Pkg.offline).

!!! compat "Julia 1.5"
    Pkg's offline mode requires Julia 1.5 or later.

### `JULIA_PKG_PRECOMPILE_AUTO`

If set to `0`, this will disable automatic precompilation by package actions which change the manifest. See [`Pkg.precompile`](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/v1/api/#Pkg.precompile).

### `JULIA_PKG_SERVER`

Specifies the URL of the package registry to use. By default, `Pkg` uses
`https://pkg.julialang.org` to fetch Julia packages. In addition, you can disable the use of the PkgServer
protocol, and instead access the packages directly from their hosts (GitHub, GitLab, etc.)
by setting: ``` export JULIA_PKG_SERVER="" ```

### `JULIA_PKG_SERVER_REGISTRY_PREFERENCE`

> Specifies the preferred registry flavor. Currently supported values are `conservative`
> (the default), which will only publish resources that have been processed, and `eager`,
> which will closely track the upstream repository, but may not have all resources
> available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the preferred registry flavor. Currently supported values are `conservative`
(the default), which will only publish resources that have been processed by the storage
server (and thereby have a higher probability of being available from the PkgServers),
whereas `eager` will publish registries whose resources have not necessarily been
processed by the storage servers.  Users behind restrictive firewalls that do not allow
downloading from arbitrary servers should not use the `eager` flavor.
```

!!! compat "Julia 1.7"

>     This only affects Julia 1.7 and above.

Author: @staticfloat I'm not sure I understand the difference, but I attempted to summarize it here, can you look it over?

Reviewer 2: The difference is that `eager` starts serving the registry before the things included in that registry can be served by the package server, which means you can end up having to go to GitHub (or wherever) to get package versions and artifacts. The `complete` option waits until everything in the registry tree has been processed, so most of the time everything can be gotten from the package server. There are a few cases where a package server may still not have something referenced: if the package servers weren't able to download an artifact (or if it was too large > 1GB), then you'll still have to try to fetch the artifact directly. It should generally not happen that package versions aren't servable by the package server, but it could potentially happen.

$(DEPOT_PATH[1])/logs/repl_history.jl
```

## Pkg.jl

### `JULIA_NUM_PRECOMPILE_TASKS`

The number of parallel tasks to use when precompiling packages. See [`Pkg.precompile`](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/v1/api/#Pkg.precompile).

### `JULIA_PKG_DEVDIR`

The default directory used by [`Pkg.develop`](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/v1/api/#Pkg.develop) for downloading packages.

### `JULIA_PKG_IGNORE_HASHES`

If set to `1`, this will ignore incorrect hashes in artifacts. This should be used carefully, as it disables verification of downloads, but can resolve issues when moving files across different types of file systems. See [Pkg.jl issue #2317](https://github.com/JuliaLang/Pkg.jl/issues/2317) for more details.

!!! compat "Julia 1.6"
    This is only supported in Julia 1.6 and above.

### `JULIA_PKG_OFFLINE`

> If set to `true`, this will enable offline mode: see [`Pkg.offline`](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/dev/api/#Pkg.offline).

Author: This points to the `dev` docs as it isn't documented in the `v1` ones. Will that be updated when we tag a new version?

Reviewer 3: yes

Author: Okay, I'll update this so that it will be correct for the release.
